Look to the far right of the header.
p02
Past Search, the location selector, and Ask Shyne, there is a small badge with your initials.
p03
That is your account, and it rides along on every page.
p04
Click it.
p05
The menu opens with your name and your tenant code right at the top.
p06
Get in the habit of reading that line.
p07
It is the fastest way to confirm which company you are actually signed into.
p08
Now the list.
p09
Profile and Preferences hold your personal settings.
p10
Notifications and Help Center do what they say.
p11
The two you will reach for most are My Training and the Dark Mode switch.
p12
One thing to leave alone for now: Logout, at the bottom, ends your session.
p13
Flip the Dark Mode toggle.
p14
The whole interface drops to a dark theme on the spot.
p15
This is a display preference for you alone.
p16
It changes nothing in the data and nothing for anyone else.
p17
Toggle it back.
p18
Light again.
p19
Work in whichever theme is easier on your eyes; the switch is always safe to flip mid-shift.
p20
Open the menu again and choose My Training.
p21
That opens the WashCentral Academy, your learning home for this whole program.
p22
Knowing it sits one click away in the account menu saves you hunting for it later.
p23
Head back to the Command Center.
p24
Same session, right where you left it.
p25
From any screen, your initials in the corner are the door to your settings, your training, and, when you really mean it, the way out.